fix(docs): link to contact information (#2734)
chanzuckerberg/single-cell-data-portal: frontend/doc-site/11__RoadMap.mdx

## Feedback

> We welcome your feedback! Please see the [cxg community page](/doc-site/07__Join%20the%20cxg%20User%20Community.mdx) to see how you can get in touch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We welcome your feedback! Please see the <NextLink href="/doc-site/07__Join%20the%20cxg%20User%20Community">cxg community page</NextLink> to see how you can get in touch.
```
